# IMD 3901 A2
 
For this project I chose to make a magnetic crane game. The idea is the user can create boxes, pick them up, move them, and drop them to their destruction. Upon loading in, you see a red plane (ground), a black plane (destroys boxes), a floating silver cylinder (magnet) and a control panel. All the controls are on the central panel. The circular green button creates a box every time you click it, the arrow buttons will nudge the magnet in the chosen direction every time you click it, the square silver/white button will "pick up" a box if it is more or less over it. Once a box is picked up, it will follow the magnet around until you click the square button again, which drops the box back down to the ground. If the box is dropped on the black plane it gets destroyed. I chose this since I thought it would allow me to explore different ways to control and interact with objects all from programming a control board. Although its been done to death, I have never programmed this kind of thing before, and it turned out to be quite interesting!

Honestly almost every step of the way was challenging in its own way. I am still very new to JavaScript and Aframe, so I was learning a lot along the way. The two challenges that stand out are the movement controls for the magnet that took me half a day to find a one line solution and getting the box to follow the magnet once it had been picked up where what seemed like the natural solution refused to work, and I had to find a creative work around 

Unsurprisingly, modifying the starter code to my needs went well, since a lot of the framework was already there, and I just had to tweak it to fit my needs. A function that worked surprisingly quickly was the pickup and drop functions, that the first logic I tried worked, and stayed usable even when I reworked large pieces of code around it. Github has also been fantastic and convenient to use.
